Advanced monitoring of system logs, SIEM tools and network traffic for unusual or suspicious activity. SIEM (Security Information and Event Management): Setting up various SIEM solutions and troubleshooting connectivity issues. Investigate and resolve security violations by providing postmortem analysis to illuminate the issues and possible solutions. Collate security incident and event data to produce monthly exception and management reports. Report unresolved network security exposures, misuse of resources or noncompliance situations using defined escalation processes. Develop and maintain documentation for security systems and procedures. Recommend, schedule and/or apply fixes, security patches and any other measures required in the event of a security breach. Analysis and review of logs and cyber events. Investigate suspicious security event activity, security breaches and other cyber security incidents. Assess damage, document findings and recommendations. Work with security team to perform tests and uncover network vulnerabilities. Maintain and enforce adherence to corporate procedures, standards and policies. Keep up to date with latest security information and threat intelligence. Research the latest information technology (IT) security trends. Validate security analysis and identify latest capabilities of the monitoring technologies. Research and understand the currently published vulnerabilities of enterprise hardware, software, operating systems, appliance, and applications. Gather and distribute technical information pertaining to new security threats and vulnerability trends. Produce reporting and documentation to customers, internal team and management.

Experience & Qualifications: Experience working with different SIEM vendors like QRadar, ArcSight, RSA, LogRhythm. Experience in incident response, writing procedures, runbooks and playbooks. Ability to work with customer's IT and security teams as well as director level.

Skills: SIEM, Incident Management, Vulnerability Assessment